The library comes with full documentation with an index, 
in both HTML and PDF format. The HTML documentation is at 
tti\libs\tti\doc\html\index.html and the PDF documentation 
is at tti\libs\tti\doc\TypeTraitsIntrospection.pdf.

You can use the jamfile in the doc directory to regenerate 
the documentation for this library. 

Add '--enable-index' to the command line to have an index 
with the documentation. Add 'pdf' on the command line to
regenerate the PDF documentation.

You can use the jamfile in the test directory to 
run the tests for this library.

When running the tests you can use either of 
two targets if you like. The 'tti' target runs all 
the tests except for those involving variadic macro 
support in the library. The 'ttivm' target runs 
the tests involving variadic macro support in the 
library. If you do not specify a target all tests 
are run.

For variadic macro support in the library 
you will need to download the variadic_macro_data 
library from the sandbox. You do not need this 
library if you do not use the variadic macro 
functionality of the library, which is a very small 
part of the library, and you run the tests using 
just the 'tti' target.

You can execute these jamfiles while keeping this  
library in its own separate directory from a 
Boost distribution by:

1) Having a valid boost-build.jam in a directory 
   somewhere above the separate directory. This 
   is always the case if you have checked out 
   this library from the sandbox into a local 
   directory beneath the main sandbox directory 
   and have checked out the files from the          
   top-level sandbox directory.

       or

   Setting the BOOST_BUILD_PATH environment 
   variable to point to a Boost build directory.

2) Using the --boost=/path/to/boost/installation 
   bjam command-line parameter to point to a 
   Boost installation and placing the library 
   below the sandbox top-level directory with 
   its top-level sandbox files.

If you move this library under a Boost installation 
you need only execute 'bjam' in the jamfile directories 
to regenerate the docs or run the test.

If you want to contact me directly, my name is 
Edward Diener and you can reach me at 
eld@tropicsoft.com. I am an independent computer
consultant with my own company, I live in Atlanta, Georgia,
and I am always looking for exciting projects on which to 
work for a living.

You can also of course use the Boost newsgroups 
to ask questions and make comments or suggestions 
about the library.
